Software_Requirements_Document/SRD_V1_MarkDown/SRD_V1.md, before:



# <center>Harmedia Software Requirements Document</center>

## 1. Introduction
### 1.1. Purpose
This document describes the software requirements for a web based video synchronization platform called Harmedia.  This specifications is intended for the designer, developer and maintainer of the Harmedia system.

### 1.2. Scope
The Harmedia video synchronization platform **(HVSP)** will be a web based platform that is used to synchronize video for multiple clients.  Users will be able to create their own channel and moderate/manage it.  Within each channel there will be a video queue where elected people can remove, insert, and modify videos in the queue.  Furthermore, in every channel there can be a channel guru and they will have access to modified the video being synchronized state.

### 1.3. Overview of Document
The remainder of this document will be organized as followed: In the following section there will be definitions that are vital for one to understand how HVSP will work.  Chapter 2 will contain the general descriptions of HVSP.  Lastly, Chapter 3  will identify the specific functional requirements, the external interfaces and the performance requirements of the HVSP.

### 1.4. Definitions
<ul>
  <li>
    <dt>Terms go here</dt>
    <dd>Definitions for terms go here!</dd>
  </li>
</ul>

<hr />

## 2. General Descriptions

### 2.1. Overview
To give a short overview of the functionality of the HVSP the following user scenarios are provided:
<!-- Sipp's Section -->
* User System <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Sign Up:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Log-in:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Log Out:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Remove User:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Set Global User Level:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
<br />
<!-- Christian's section -->
* Channel / Room Browser <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Search For Room By Name:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1.  User types in the room he or she wishes to search for and clicks search. <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2.  System then searches for rooms that contain either that tag or name includes the string that was inputted and then list them. <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3.  If no results were found.  Then the system will just display a message stating "No results found!"<br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_List Rooms By Number of Users in Room:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Make a New Room:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
<br />
<!-- Austin's Section -->
* Channel/Room General <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Chat:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Guru:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Owner:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Chat Mod:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Queue Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Skip Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Pause/Play Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />


### 2.2. Product Perspective
[This is the need(s) the product will serve, the primary stakeholders, and the developers.  Also note its characteristics]

### 2.3.  Product Function


### 2.4. User Characteristics
### 2.5. Assumptions and Dependencies

<hr />
## 3. Requirements
### 3.1. Functional Requirements
#### 3.1.1. General Requirements
#### 3.1.2. Temp requirements

### 3.2. External Interface Requirements

### 3.3.  Performance Requirements

Commit message:

added basic sorting by viewers overview description

Software_Requirements_Document/SRD_V1_MarkDown/SRD_V1.md, after:



# <center>Harmedia Software Requirements Document</center>

## 1. Introduction
### 1.1. Purpose
This document describes the software requirements for a web based video synchronization platform called Harmedia.  This specifications is intended for the designer, developer and maintainer of the Harmedia system.

### 1.2. Scope
The Harmedia video synchronization platform **(HVSP)** will be a web based platform that is used to synchronize video for multiple clients.  Users will be able to create their own channel and moderate/manage it.  Within each channel there will be a video queue where elected people can remove, insert, and modify videos in the queue.  Furthermore, in every channel there can be a channel guru and they will have access to modified the video being synchronized state.

### 1.3. Overview of Document
The remainder of this document will be organized as followed: In the following section there will be definitions that are vital for one to understand how HVSP will work.  Chapter 2 will contain the general descriptions of HVSP.  Lastly, Chapter 3  will identify the specific functional requirements, the external interfaces and the performance requirements of the HVSP.

### 1.4. Definitions
<ul>
  <li>
    <dt>Terms go here</dt>
    <dd>Definitions for terms go here!</dd>
  </li>
</ul>

<hr />

## 2. General Descriptions

### 2.1. Overview
To give a short overview of the functionality of the HVSP the following user scenarios are provided:
<!-- Sipp's Section -->
* User System <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Sign Up:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Log-in:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Log Out:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Remove User:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Set Global User Level:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
<br />
<!-- Christian's section -->
* Channel / Room Browser <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Search For Room By Name:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1.  User types in the room he or she wishes to search for and clicks search. <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2.  System then searches for rooms that contain either that tag or name includes the string that was inputted and then list them. <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3.  If no results were found.  Then the system will just display a message stating "No results found!"<br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_List Rooms By Number of Users in Room:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. User can select an option to list channels by viewer number (both ascending and descending)<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2.  The system will then list channels by first viewer number (either ascending or descending depending on what the user chose) and then if the channels have the same number of viewers it will then sort the ones with the same number of viewers alphabetically.<br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Make a New Room:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
<br />
<!-- Austin's Section -->
* Channel/Room General <br />
&nbsp; <u>_Chat:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Guru:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Owner:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Chat Mod:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Queue Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Skip Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />
&nbsp; <u>_Pause/Play Video:_</u> <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Stuff <br />
<br />


### 2.2. Product Perspective
[This is the need(s) the product will serve, the primary stakeholders, and the developers.  Also note its characteristics]

### 2.3.  Product Function


### 2.4. User Characteristics
### 2.5. Assumptions and Dependencies

<hr />
## 3. Requirements
### 3.1. Functional Requirements
#### 3.1.1. General Requirements
#### 3.1.2. Temp requirements

### 3.2. External Interface Requirements

### 3.3.  Performance Requirements
